Globe Events | Globe Santa Comedy Night 2024
1 message
The Boston Globe <eventsnewsletter@email.globe.com>	Mon, Nov 25, 2024 at 6:01 AM
Reply-To: Boston Globe Events <reply-fe54107672610c7c711c-23296963_HTML-221780083-10840502-19004@email.bostonglobe.com>
To: petrsheth@gmail.com
The Boston Globe
Globe Events
The Boston Globe's journalism and content brought to life

Get the latest:

Facebook	Twitter	Instagram
Upcoming events from the Globe and our partners

Globe Santa Comedy Night 2024
Featured Event

Globe Santa Comedy Night 2024

Thursday, December 12

Doors open at 6:00 p.m., Show starts at 7:30 p.m.

Join us for the 12th Annual Globe Santa Comedy Night hosted by Dave Russo. Featuring Lenny Clarke, Jim Colliton, Carolyn Plummer, Dave Russo, Artie Januario, Ken Rogerson, Jason Merrill, Frank Santorelli, Anthony Scabeli, and Matt Misci. Prince Pizzeria will generously donate pizza for the event. All proceeds raised from ticket sales will benefit Globe Santa, the signature program of the Boston Globe Foundation which works to deliver books, toys, and warm winter gear to deserving children and families across Eastern Massachusetts.

RSVP Now
Globe Foundation logo

Top Places to Work 2024
Top Places to Work 2024

December 4 | 6:00 p.m. ET | Big Night Live

Bring your employees together and join The Boston Globe in celebrating the 2024 Top Places to Work at our annual celebratory reception. Complimentary beer, wine, and hors d'oeuvres will be served and the official 2024 list will be unveiled. Preview copies of the magazine will also be available.

Purchase Tickets

Rhode Map Live: Future Focus of the Rhode Island Foundation
Rhode Map Live: Future Focus of the Rhode Island Foundation

Wednesday, December 11 | 5:30 – 8:00 p.m.

Join Globe Rhode Island for a two-panel Rhode Map Live event to close out 2024 and look ahead at what's to come for the Ocean State in the New Year. Globe columnist Dan McGowan first hosts a panel featuring David N. Cicilline and Ann-Marie Harrington of Rhode Island Foundation to examine the Foundation's five-year action plan. He'll then host a panel of Foundation grantees to discuss the work they're doing to enhance and support the local community. Light food, beverages, and parking will be available.

RSVP Now
Sponsored by:

Rhode Island Foundation logo

Exploring the Deep Sea with Susan Casey
Sponsor Event

Exploring the Deep Sea with Susan Casey

Thursday, December 5 | 6:30 p.m. | Simons Theatre

The New England Aquarium's Lowell Lecture Series presents a conversation with award-winning writer Susan Casey and acclaimed journalist and Living on Earth Host Steve Curwood about Casey's latest bestseller, The Underworld: Journeys to the Depths of the Ocean. Join us for a discussion that will illuminate the hidden depths of our blue planet — home to an array of marine life, soaring mountains, smoldering volcanoes, and valleys 7,000 feet deeper than Everest is high — and learn about the vital role the deep sea plays in our world.

Learn More

Harvard Book Store Events

Orhan Pamuk: Memories of Distant Mountains: Illustrated Notebooks, 2009-2022
Partner Event

Orhan Pamuk: Memories of Distant Mountains: Illustrated Notebooks, 2009-2022

Monday, December 2


Harvard Book Store welcomes Orhan Pamuk — award-winning author of My Name Is Red and winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2006 — for a discussion of his new literary collection Memories of Distant Mountains: Illustrated Notebooks, 2009-2022, beautifully illustrated with his own paintings. He will be joined in conversation by Stephen Kinzer — award-winning foreign correspondent and Senior Fellow at the Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs at Brown University. This event takes place at First Parish Church.

Get Tickets

Randall Munroe: What If? 10th Anniversary Edition: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions
Partner Event

Randall Munroe: What If? 10th Anniversary Edition: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions

Thursday, December 5

Harvard Book Store welcomes Randall Munroe — creator of the webcomic xkcd, author of the New York Times bestsellers What If?, What If? 2, Thing Explainer, and How To, and former NASA roboticist — for a discussion of What If? 10th Anniversary Edition: Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions. This special 10th anniversary edition has been revised and annotated with brand-new illustrations and answers to important questions you never thought to ask. This event takes place at First Parish Church.

Get Tickets

***** SEPARATION *****

OUR 200TH WEEKLY HAPPENINGS EMAIL 🎉
Inbox

Boston Art Review <editorial@bostonartreview.com> Unsubscribe
Tue, Nov 26, 3:08 PM (9 days ago)
to me




The first version of the Weekly Happenings email was sent in September, 2018. It was titled "Weekend Picks" and featured a handful of art events from greater Boston that I had collected via friends or social media. The emails were inconsistent, often authored at 1am, and sent to a group of 200 or so people who had signed up by hand at our Issue 01 launch party.

By 2020, we had settled into a more regular schedule just in time for covid to change everything. I adjusted the Happenings to serve as a collection for resources, mutual aid, and funding opportunities. Then, the Happenings were a hub for virtual events—our tether to one another while spaces remained shuttered.

Throughout all this, the Weekly Happenings were researched, compiled, and edited entirely by volunteers. We would scour the internet, visiting 200+ websites every week to find out exactly what was happening in our art scene.

It wasn't until late 2022 that we finally wised up and created a form for submitting event suggestions on our website. We still end up doing a lot of research to make sure we don't miss something important, but hey, baby steps.

Today, we have over 5,000 subscribers. And in 2024 alone, we've featured over 900 events from 300 different arts spaces and organizers all free of charge.




We are dedicated to keeping the Weekly Happenings newsletter free to all, but need your support to maintain this work. The Weekly Happenings are 100% reader-supported. There are no secret funders behind the Weekly Happenings newsletter (if you are a funder reading this, let's talk), and every contribution helps us cover our production expenses.

To celebrate #200, can we get 200 readers to make a gift of $20?

GIVE TO SUPPORT THE WEEKLY HAPPENINGS
Thank you for sticking with us and being a vital part of our community. Wishing you all a restful week and weekend ahead.

With gratitude,

Jameson Johnson
Founder & Executive Director



I N T E R V I E W
On Kinship with Land and One Another: In Conversation with Deanna Ledezma, Josh Rios, and Anthony Romero
By Jameson Johnson
Online November 25, 2024

READ

O P E N    C A L L
Un-monument | Re-monument | De-monument
Boston Art Review is partnering with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture to provide opportunities for writers to publish work about the projects and ideas that are being developed through the Un-monument initiative. Writers are invited to submit their interest for receiving an assignment that will be commissioned either in January or March 2025.

Round 1 due Saturday, November 30

LEARN MORE

N O W   S H I P P I N G
Issue 13: Make Believe

An issue dedicated to many forms of imagining with Tomashi Jackson, Sara Hendren, Emily Sara, Lani Asunción, Hakeem Adewumi, and many more.

PURCHASE

SUBMIT YOUR WEEKLY HAPPENINGS

T H U R S D A Y  1 1 / 2 8
GATHERING: NATIONAL DAY OF MOURNING
Since 1970, Indigenous people & their allies have gathered at noon on Cole's Hill in Plymouth to commemorate a National Day of Mourning on the US Thanksgiving holiday.
Presented by United American Indians of New England
Cole's Hill (above Plymouth Rock), Plymouth, 12:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 1 / 2 9
CELEBRATION: WAMPANOAG NATION
Wampanoag nation singers and dancers will share stories of both their history and modern culture in an educational program that culminates with a full-audience dance in honor of Native American Heritage Month.
Presented by John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Kennedy Library, Columbia Point,
10:30–11:30 AM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 1 / 2 9  – S U N D A Y  1 2 / 2 2
DOWNTOWN BOSTON HOLIDAY MARKET
Every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, you can expect a rotation of diverse artisan vendors and a fantastic selection for friends, family, coworkers, and more.
Presented by Downtown Boston Alliance
Summer Street Plaza, 10 Summer St., 11:00 AM–4:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 1 / 2 9  – S U N D A Y 1 2 / 2 2
HOLIDAY MARKET: SOWA WINTER FESTIVAL
SoWa's 9th annual Winter Festival brings 100+ of the region's best small businesses selling everything from specialty food, art, crafts, and other goods under one festive roof.
Presented by SoWa Boston
SoWa Power Station, 550 Harrison Ave., Various Times

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 1 / 2 9  – S U N D A Y  1 2 / 2 2
HOLIDAY MARKET AT SNOWPORT
Featuring 120+ makers, more food than ever before, custom cocktail bars, festive decor, live music, and more.
Presented by Constant Contact
100 Seaport Blvd., Various Times

LEARN MORE

S A T U R D A Y  1 1 / 3 0
ART SALE: ANNUAL AIDS BENEFIT
For thirty-five years, Krakow Witkin Gallery has held an annual benefit to raise funds for the Dimock Community Health Center. This year's edition will offer donated works for purchase at $450 each.
Presented by Krakow Witkin Gallery
Online, 10:00 AM

LEARN MORE

S A T U R D A Y  1 1 / 3 0
MISFITS MARKET
Part artisan market, part experimental performance night—you'll find trinkets and treasures, arts and items by Cape Cod artists that aren't focused on tourists.
Presented by The Cordial Eye
438 Main Street, Hyannis, 5:00–9:00 PM

LEARN MORE

S A T U R D A Y  1 1 / 3 0
PERFORMANCE: "ITCHY GRIEF"
Yolanda He Yang's performance will unveil the itchy layers of remembrance, loss, and joy coming from immigration experiences.
Presented by Yolanda He Yang and Clara Wainwright
111 Franklin St., Allston, 7:00 PM

LEARN MORE

S U N D A Y  1 2 / 1
24-HOUR VIGIL: ANNUAL WORLD AIDS DAY
Join for all or part of this twenty-four hour event meant to end HIV stigma.
Presented by SPOKE
Boston City Hall Plaza, 1 City Hall Square, and Boston Center for the Arts,
539 Tremont St., 12:00 AM–12:00 AM

LEARN MORE

S U N D A Y  1 2 / 1 + S U N D A Y. 1 2 / 1 5
SOMERVILLE HOLIDAY FLEA MARKET
Two floors and over thirty vendors of vintage and artisan wonders.
Presented by Arts at the Armory
191 Highland Ave., Somerville,
10:00 AM–4:00 PM

LEARN MORE

S U N D A Y  1 2 / 1
PERFORMANCE: ON DISPLAY
In collaboration with ON DISPLAY GLOBAL and in commemoration of International Day of Persons with Disabilities, performers—a mix of Harvard students, staff, and community members—will create sculptural compositions of their own making which will slowly evolve in real time over the course of the hour.
Presented by the Office for the Arts Dance Program at Harvard
32 Quincy St., Cambridge,
12:00–1:00 PM

LEARN MORE

S U N D A Y  1 2 / 1
RIBBON CUTTING + PERFORMANCE: ST. AUGUSTINE'S NEW LIGHT CELEBRATION
Celebrate the completion of exterior renovations at historic St. Augustine's African Orthodox Church with performances by Dzidzor, Crystal Bi, and Boston Latin Step Squad.
Presented by Boston History in Action
137 Allston St., Cambridge, 3:00–5:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T U E S D A Y  1 2 / 3
FILM SCREENING: "THE SELZER FACTORY"
Written and directed by Dominican American and Boston-based filmmaker Paloma Valenzuela
Presented by Northeastern University
Northeastern Crossing, 1175 Tremont St., 6:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE


T H R O U G H  1 1 / 2 4
Queer Archives
Featuring work by Matthew Leifheit
On view at Brant Gallery at MassArt
621 Huntington Ave.

LEARN MORE


A P P L Y  T H R O U G H  1 2 / 1
2026 Artist in Residence Program
The Eliot School of Fine & Applied Arts is seeking a Greater Boston-based artist to be its 2026 Artist in Residence. Through a spring workshop series and summer intensive, the selected artist will collaborate with Teen Bridge youth to create public art with thoughtful community engagement at its core.

LEARN MORE

A P P L Y  T H R O U G H  1 2 / 2
New Bedford Creative Grants
New Bedford Creative invites local artists to apply to the Art is Everywhere and Wicked Cool Places grants, which support projects that create or sustain vibrant, welcoming spaces in New Bedford.

LEARN MORE

A P P L Y  T H R O U G H  1 2 / 2
Public Art for Spatial Justice
Public Art for Spatial Justice (PASJ) provides grants of $15,000 to $30,000 to support public art-making in Massachusetts.

LEARN MORE

A P P L Y  T H R O U G H  1 / 9
City Hall Plaza Engagement Grant
This is your chance to transform City Hall Plaza into a vibrant hub of creativity. They are looking for programs that celebrate Boston’s diverse communities, ignite the arts, and reimagine this iconic space.

LEARN MORE

A P P L Y  T H R O U G H  1 / 1 0
Call for Artists: Pao Arts Center
Pao Arts Center is seeking local artists to share unique interpretations of Lunar New Year traditions, customs, and stories in conjunction with a Year of the Snake mural.

LEARN MORE

***** SEPARATION *****

Winter festivals, Light Up Seaport & more things to do in Boston this wknd: Dec 6–8, 2024
Inbox

The Boston Calendar <thingstodo@thebostoncalendar.com> Unsubscribe
7:16 AM (13 hours ago)
to me


Hi, everyone, this is Celina from The Boston Calendar! The weather is finally matching the season, so bundle up and grab a hot cocoa because the best seasonal activities are happening outdoors. Enjoy holiday tree lightings, ice skating, outdoor markets, artist open studios, and more this weekend in Boston.

Light Up Seaport


This Friday the Seaport will come alive with holiday magic at Seaport Common. Enjoy live performances by Boston City Singers, Divine Sweater, ToriTori, and The Gracenote. Nearby, the Seaport Holiday Market will be open for further shopping, festive cocktails, and food offerings. Also, this year you can go on the Betty the Yeti Cocktail Crawl around the neighborhood. Grab a crawl card and get a stamp for every seasonal beverage (mocktails included) you get at participating spots like Grace by Nia, Deck 12, ZaZiBar, Borrachito Taqueria & Spirits, and more. Best of all, $1 from every drink gets donated to 826 Boston, a local nonprofit fostering youth literacy.

View experience
Winter Festival/First Friday


Celebrate Boston artists on the first Friday of every month when artists and museums open their doors for special viewings and parties. The SoWa Artist Guild is hosting a special Winter Festival/First Friday in conjunction with the SoWa Winter Festival indoor holiday market just down the street. During MFA First Fridays you can dance it out to a live DJ, enjoy specialty cocktails, and check out the exhibitions. Plus, Station Street Studios in Brookline and Milk Row Studios in Somerville are hosting holiday-themed markets along with their First Friday open studios.

View experience
How The Grinch Stole Christmas! The Musical


[Sponsored by Boch Center]

Watch the heartwarming holiday classic come to life on stage as The Grinch and Max the Dog learn the true meaning of Christmas through a series of hilarious foibles. The family-friendly show features beloved songs like “You’re A Mean One, Mr. Grinch” and “Welcome Christmas.” It’s the most fun 85 minutes you’ll spend all season.

Buy tickets now
Winter Market at Sam Adams Brewery


[Sponsored by Sam Adams Boston]

Immerse yourself in the festive season at the Winter Market at Sam Adams Brewery. 15 local vendors will pop up offering handmade and unique gifts ranging the gamut from inclusive books and vintage clothes to pottery and freshly baked cookies. Grab a pint or sip a seasonal beer cocktail and enjoy live music while you pick out the perfect gifts for your loved ones.

View experience
94 things to do in Boston this weekend

Stroll a car-free boulevard during Open Newbury Street Holiday Edition, when you can sip hot chocolate and shop local for winter gifts. Check out Boston’s Winter Fest, a new holiday wonderland complete with ice skating, an artisan market, and a life-size castle. See the Boston Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour, and don't forget to check out Boston's official holiday tree, Comm Ave Mall's holiday lights, Quincy Market's festive tree, and all other places to see holiday lights around the city this season.

View 94 experiences this wknd
Happy weekend!
Celina

View all events this weekend here
List your events on The Boston Calendar
Advertise with us

Website
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Subscribe to our newsletter
View in browser
Copyright 2024 The City Calendar, LLC. All rights reserved.

Our mailing address is:
625 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA

Unsubscribe from this list

***** SEPARATION *****

Your Weekly Art Happenings December 4–10 ❄️
Inbox

Boston Art Review <editorial@bostonartreview.com> Unsubscribe
Wed, Dec 4, 12:56 PM (1 day ago)
to me




R O U N D  U P
Local Markets, Art Sales, and Pop-up Shops
By BAR Editorial
Online December 3, 2024

READ

F E A T U R E
2024 Holiday Gift Guide
By BAR Editorial
Online December 3, 2024

READ


F E A T U R E
A Lifetime of Layering: How Tomashi Jackson moves between history, place, and an ever-expanding
practice
By Alisa Prince
Online December 2, 2024

READ


O P E N    C A L L
Issue 14: Half Full
Boston Art Review welcomes submissions of critical perspectives, profiles, reviews, interviews, and artist projects for our forthcoming print publication.

Pitches for Issue 14: Half Full are due by Sunday, December 15, 2025

LEARN MORE

O P E N    C A L L
Un-monument | Re-monument | De-monument
Boston Art Review is partnering with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture to provide opportunities for writers to publish work about the projects and ideas that are being developed through the Un-monument initiative. Writers are invited to submit their interest for receiving an assignment that will be commissioned either in January or March 2025.

Round 2 due Tuesday, January 7, 2025

LEARN MORE

SUBMIT YOUR WEEKLY HAPPENINGS

W E D N E S D A Y  1 2 / 4
14TH ANNUAL STREETTALK 10-IN-1
Hear ten speakers talk about topics like Boston transit history, public art, new approaches to housing, and more.
Presented by Livable Streets and GBH Forum Network
Online, 6:00–8:30 PM

LEARN MORE

W E D N E S D A Y  1 2 / 4
HOLIDAY MUSIC IN THE COURTYARD
George Steel, Abrams Curator of Music, will lead music from across four centuries in the Gardner Museum Courtyard, celebrating a variety of cultures’ winter traditions.
Presented by the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum
25 Evans Way, 6:00–9:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5  –
S A T U R D A Y  1 2 / 7
QUEER DURATIONS
QUEER DURATIONS is a three-day symposium delving into the significance of duration as a vital aesthetic concern for queer and trans performance, visual, and media artists
Presented by the Brown Department of Theatre Arts and Performance Studies
Granoff Center for the Creative Arts, 154 Angell Street, Providence, Rhode Island, Various Times

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
CELEBRATION + RECEPTION: FAY CHANDLER EMERGING ARTIST AWARDS
The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will announce the six winners of the Fay Chandler Awards and celebrate their three current exhibitions.
Presented by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture
Boston City Hall, 1 City Hall Square,
5:00–7:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
HARVARD ART MUSEUMS AT NIGHT
With music by DJ C-Zone
Presented by the Harvard Art Museums
32 Quincy St., Cambridge, 5:00–9:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
OPENING RECEPTION: "LITTLE GREEN"
Featuring work by Resa Blatman
Presented by the Multicultural Arts Center
41 Second St., East Cambridge,
6:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
OPENING RECEPTION: "SMALL WORKS EXHIBITION"
Featuring refreshments, live music from Pro Arte Chamber Orchestra duet, and customized holiday gift tags with any art purchase
Presented by the New Art Center
New Art Corridor, 245 Walnut St., Newton, 6:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
PANEL: "LENS + LEGACY"
Jaypix Belmer, Archy LaSalle, and Amani Willett in conversation with Alisa Prince
Presented by the BU Arts Initiative and BU Arts & Sciences Society of Fellows
The Howard Thurman Center, 808 Commonwealth Ave., Room 205,
6:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
ART PARTY
Enjoy an evening of crafts, snacks, and relaxation with featured artists Rikiesha Metzger, Jay LaCouture, and Robin Danzak.
Presented by Emerson Contemporary
Media Art Gallery, 25 Avery St.,
6:00–9:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
LECTURE: GRAPHICS + NEW TECHNOLOGY
With David Reinfurt and Robert Wiesenberger
Presented by Katherine Small Gallery
108 Beacon St., Somerville, 7:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

T H U R S D A Y  1 2 / 5
PERFORMANCE: SPEAKER MUSIC
An evening of experimental techno featuring performances by DeForrest Brown Jr., Isabella Koen & Rachel Devorah, and ehrdz
Presented by Non-Event
The Foundry, 101 Rogers St., Cambridge, 8:00–10:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
OPENING RECEPTION: "ILLUMINATIONS"
Featuring work by Alex Kalil
Presented by First Church Boston
66 Marlborough St., 5:00–7:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
OPENING RECEPTION: "ARCHIPELAGO"
Curated by Gamaliel Herrera
Presented by LaMontagne Gallery
450 Harrison Ave., #1, 5:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
OPENING RECEPTION: "MER SEA" + "MESSAGES FROM THE MARSH"
Featuring work by Iwalani Kaluhiokalani and Amy Kaczur
Presented by Kingston Gallery
450 Harrison Ave., #43, 5:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
OPENING RECEPTION: "AEROSOL"
Featuring work by Timmy "Zone" Allen, Thomas "Kwest" Burns, Barrington "Vex" Edwards, Ricardo "Deme5" Gomez, Shea Justice, Chepe "Sane" Leña, Rob Stull, and David "DS7" Taylor
Presented by ShowUp Gallery
524B Harrison Ave., 5:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
POP-UP CELEBRATION: SPRAY IT LOUD
Featuring A Trike Called Funk
Presented by The Un-monument | Re-monument | De-monument Project
Civic Pavilion, 5 Congress St.,
5:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
OPENING RECEPTION: "SEA DREAMS" + "NUMINOUS"
Meet exhibiting artists Murray Dewart, Sally Fine, and Indigo Conat-Naar
Presented by Boston Sculptors Gallery
486 Harrison Ave., 5:00–8:30 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
OPENING RECEPTION: "BURNING, GROWING"
Featuring work by Matthew Napoli and Julia Gould
Presented by Gallery 263
263 Pearl St., Cambridge, 6:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
FIRST FRIDAY RECEPTION: "REPLAY" + "AUFHEBEN"
Featuring work by Steve Novick and Emily Mogavero
Presented by Laconia Gallery
433 Harrison Ave., 6:00–8:00 PM

LEARN MORE

F R I D A Y  1 2 / 6
PERFORMANCE: "THE PREDICTABILITY OF UNPREDICTABILITY"
Featuring a performance by Andrew Neumann
Presented by MIT List Visual Arts Center
20 Ames St., Cambridge, 6:30–8:00 PM

***** SEPARATION *****

Globe Events | This Week! Top Places to Work 2024
Inbox

The Boston Globe <eventsnewsletter@email.globe.com> Unsubscribe
Mon, Dec 2, 6:02 AM (3 days ago)
to me

The Boston Globe
Globe Events
The Boston Globe's journalism and content brought to life

Get the latest:

Facebook	Twitter	Instagram
Upcoming events from the Globe and our partners

Globe Santa Comedy Night 2024
Featured Event

Globe Santa Comedy Night 2024

Thursday, December 12

Doors open at 6:00 p.m., Show starts at 7:30 p.m.

Join us for the 12th Annual Globe Santa Comedy Night hosted by Dave Russo. Featuring Lenny Clarke, Jim Colliton, Carolyn Plummer, Dave Russo, Artie Januario, Ken Rogerson, Jason Merrill, Frank Santorelli, Anthony Scabeli, and Matt Misci. Prince Pizzeria will generously donate pizza for the event. All proceeds raised from ticket sales will benefit Globe Santa, the signature program of the Boston Globe Foundation which works to deliver books, toys, and warm winter gear to deserving children and families across Eastern Massachusetts.

RSVP Now
Globe Foundation logo

Top Places to Work 2024
Top Places to Work 2024

December 4 | 6:00 p.m. ET | Big Night Live

Bring your employees together and join The Boston Globe in celebrating the 2024 Top Places to Work at our annual celebratory reception. Complimentary beer, wine, and hors d'oeuvres will be served and the official 2024 list will be unveiled. Preview copies of the magazine will also be available.

Purchase Tickets

Rhode Map Live: Future Focus of the Rhode Island Foundation
Rhode Map Live: Future Focus of the Rhode Island Foundation

Wednesday, December 11 | 5:30 – 8:00 p.m. Ballroom at Providence G

Join Globe Rhode Island for a two-panel Rhode Map Live event to close out 2024 and look ahead at what's to come for the Ocean State in the New Year. Globe columnist Dan McGowan first hosts a panel featuring David N. Cicilline and Ann-Marie Harrington of Rhode Island Foundation to examine the Foundation's five-year action plan. He'll then host a panel of Foundation grantees to discuss the work they're doing to enhance and support the local community. Light food, beverages, and parking will be available.

RSVP Now
Sponsored by:

Rhode Island Foundation logo

The 2024 Presidential Election Aftermath – Insights from Latina Journalists
Partner Event

The 2024 Presidential Election Aftermath—Insights from Latina Journalists

Wednesday, December 4

Join the Latina Futures 2050 Lab for a dynamic webinar exploring the aftermath of the 2024 Presidential Election through the lens of Latina journalists who covered the campaigns. This event will delve into key topics such as voter mobilization, election administration challenges, and the evolving role of gender in politics.

Register Now

Exploring the Deep Sea with Susan Casey
Sponsor Event

Exploring the Deep Sea with Susan Casey

Thursday, December 5 | 6:30 p.m. | Simons Theatre

The New England Aquarium's Lowell Lecture Series presents a conversation with award-winning writer Susan Casey and acclaimed journalist and Living on Earth Host Steve Curwood about Casey's latest bestseller, The Underworld: Journeys to the Depths of the Ocean. Join us for a discussion that will illuminate the hidden depths of our blue planet—home to an array of marine life, soaring mountains, smoldering volcanoes, and valleys 7,000 feet deeper than Everest is high—and learn about the vital role the deep sea plays in our world.

Learn More

Light Up Seaport
Partner Event

Light Up Seaport

Friday, December 6 | 5 - 9 p.m.

Visit Snowport on December 6 for Light Up Seaport. Celebrate the season with holiday tunes, a celeb appearance by Betty the Yeti, and more. Download the Seaport Insider app to shop exclusive deals at over 20 local restaurants and stores while you're in the neighborhood for a night of festive fun.

Learn More

Harvard Book Store Events

The Harvard Book Store Warehouse Sale
The Harvard Book Store Warehouse Sale


This December prepare your sleigh and sled dogs, our Winter Warehouse Sale returns to Needham!


The Harvard Book Store Warehouse Sale features thousands of new books deeply discounted up to 40-80% off the list price. For Frequent Buyer Members, doors open on December 6 from 4-7 p.m. for exclusive early access! Then on Saturday, December 7 and Sunday December 8, the warehouse sale opens to all customers from 10 a.m.-7 p.m. both days.

Learn More

Weike Wang: Rental House: A Novel
Partner Event

Weike Wang: Rental House: A Novel

Friday, December 6


Harvard Book Store welcomes Weike Wang—Graduate of Harvard University and a "5 Under 35" honoree of the National Book Foundation—for a discussion of her new novel Rental House. She will be joined in conversation by Aube Rey Lescure—Deputy Editor at Off Assignment and author of River East, River West. This event takes place at Harvard Book Store.

Free + More Info

Bill Gates: Source Code: My Beginnings
Partner Event

Bill Gates: Source Code: My Beginnings

Monday, February 3

Harvard Book Store welcomes Bill Gates—technologist, business leader, and philanthropist—for a discussion of his memoir Source Code: My Beginnings, where for the first time, Gates tells his own story, a fascinating portrait of an American life. He will be joined in conversation by Henry Louis Gates Jr. —award-winning filmmaker, literary scholar, and institution builder, and the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University. This event takes place at The Emerson Colonial Theatre.

Get Tickets

GlobeEvents
Facebook	Twitter	Instagram
Interested in sponsoring our events? Contact us here julia.karam@globe.com

Visit our events page to see the full schedule.

You received this newsletter because you provided your email address when registering for or attending a Boston Globe event, or entering a Globe-sponsored contest. To ensure you receive Boston Globe Events emails, please add eventsnewsletter@email.globe.com to your address book or safe list.

This newsletter includes only events sponsored by The Boston Globe or its advertising partners.

***** SEPARATION *****

Drive through a festive holiday light show at Gillette Stadium
Visitors can enjoy animated displays made up of millions of LED lights at the Foxborough stadium.

Photo courtesy of Eric Adler/Kraft Sports + Entertainment
By Sanjana Mishra

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Email
...
The “Magic of Lights” showcase is returning to Gillette Stadium next month, where millions of LED lights will be on full display.

From Nov. 22 through Dec. 25, visitors can drive through the Foxborough venue, illuminated by dozens of festive displays and digital animations with a holiday playlist to accompany the experience. This year’s show boasts its longest route yet.

Attractions include a 32-foot-tall Barbie, Prehistoric Christmas, Winter Wonderland, the 12 Days of Christmas, Reindeer Road and many more. The course also features the 200-foot long Enchanting Tunnel of Lights. New this year are the MagicVision Selfie Filters, which will put a fun, holiday-themed twist on your favorite photos with family and friends.

Advertisement:
Santa Saver tickets, which can be used on any Sunday through Thursday, are now on sale for $20 per standard vehicle. Date-specific tickets for Friday and Saturday nights start at $35 per vehicle.

“Magic of Lights” will be open from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. on Sundays through Thursdays, and from 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays.

The showcase will be closed on Sunday, Dec. 1 for a Patriots home game. Find the full schedule and purchase tickets here.

Need weekend plans?
The best events in the city, delivered to your inbox

Read our full community guidelines.
Drive through a festive holiday light show at Gillette Stadium
DATE:
Friday, November 22, 2024 to Wednesday, December 25, 2024
LOCATION:
Gillette Stadium
1 Patriot Place
Foxborough, MA 02035
PRICE:
Price varies, starting from $20


***** SEPARATION *****

One of New England’s most iconic holiday traditions, the Holiday Pops led by Keith Lockhart, will return to Symphony Hall this December.

The program has all the annual holiday favorites — “Twas the Night Before Christmas,” David Chase’s arrangement of “The Twelve Days of Christmas,” Leroy Anderson’s “Sleigh Ride,” and a new arrangement of “Jingle Bells” by composer Mason Bynes.

“Holiday Pops has become one of Boston’s most enduring traditions, a yearly occasion for families and friends to share in music and mirth,” the Boston Pops said in a statement. “We can’t wait to welcome all our Pops friends and family back to Symphony Hall this December.”

Advertisement:
The show will also centerpiece a new work featuring the Tanglewood Festival Chorus by local composer David Coleman, based on Ashley Bryan’s book “Carol of the Brown King” and the poems of Langston Hughes.

Those familiar with the performance say Santa Claus will also be making an appearance.

New this year, there will be three post-Christmas screenings of the movie “Home Alone” in concert.

Tickets go on sale on Sept. 10 at 10 a.m. and can be purchased at bostonpops.org, by calling 888-266-1200, or by visiting the Symphony Hall Box Office.

Special Holiday Pops Performances
Seven Kids’ Matinees (Dec. 8, 14–15, and 21–24 at 11 a.m.): Designed for younger children, these seven shows have shorter programs with no intermission. There will be a food selection with “special holiday treats” and time for photo-ops with Santa Claus. Tickets are free for children under age 2.
A Sensory-Friendly Concert (Dec. 7 at 10:30 a.m.): Designed for people with an autism spectrum disorder or sensory sensitivity, this show has a “more relaxed atmosphere.” Volume and lighting levels will be reduced and audience members can request noise-reduction headphones. Tickets start at $33.
A Company Celebration at Pops (Dec. 17 at 7:30 p.m.): This annual Holiday Pops gala performance celebrates the partnership between the corporate community and the BSO.
Performances throughout New England
Hanover Theater in Worcester, Mass. (Dec. 6 at 8 p.m.)
The Jorgensen Center for the Performing Arts in Storrs, Conn. (Dec. 7 at 8 p.m.)
Southern New Hampshire University Arena in Manchester, N.H. (Dec. 14 at 7:30 p.m.)
The Lowell Memorial Auditorium in Lowell, Mass. (Dec. 15 at 2:30 p.m.)
Tickets to performances outside Boston are on sale now through their venues.

Post-Christmas Programs:
“Home Alone” in Concert (Dec. 27 and 28 at 7:30 p.m. and Dec. 29 at 3 p.m.): The classic film features composer John Williams’ score performed live to picture by the Lockhart and the Pops.

***** SEPARATION *****

Visit Our Winter Warehouse Sale 🛷
It's day one of the Needham Winter Warehouse Sale! Get your sleighs and sled dogs ready and head out to Needham to browse thousands of books, gifts, merchandise, and stationery at deeply discounted prices. The sale features new and used books, along with titles from our Signed First Edition and New Voices in Fiction clubs. Come out this Saturday and Sunday to browse books across genres for all ages! More information at Harvard.com.
Hours:
December 7 & 8 from 9AM–7PM.

Please note the Harvard Book Store warehouse has moved.
The warehouse is now located at 330 Reservoir Street, Needham, MA 02494.
Our Needham location has ample parking.
To get to Needham (from Cambridge) via public transit:
Take the 71 to Watertown Square, transfer onto the 59 bus to Reservoir Street, followed by a short walk.


Visit us at the Canal District Winter Market!
We're excited to be a part of the Canal District Winter Market held in Kendall Square! Browse tables from dozens of local businesses and restaurants, and be sure to stop by our table and say hello. We'll be selling gift books, holiday cards and stationery, and an exclusive sweatshirt featuring our Harvard Book Store snowglobe. The market is December 14 and 15 from 11AM to 4PM.
Upcoming Adjusted Holiday Hours:
Saturday, Dec. 21 : 9AM–11PM (extended)
Sunday, Dec. 22: 9AM–11PM (extended)
Monday, Dec. 23: 9AM-11PM (extended)
Tuesday, Dec 24: 9AM–7PM (reduced)
Monday, Dec 25: CLOSED
Dec 26–30: 9AM⁠–⁠10PM⁠ (regular hours)
Tuesday, Dec 31: 9AM–7PM (reduced)
Wednesday, Jan 1: 12PM–10PM (reduced)

Our Event Series
Browse the lineup of our upcoming events; we are regularly posting new announcements! You can also subscribe to our Google Calendar and view our video archive of past events. And see below for those events that require tickets or registration, including the following newly/recently announced events:


NEWLY ANNOUNCED
A Virtual Evening with Pico Iyer and Michael Shapiro
Thursday, January 30 via Zoom
Harvard Bookstore, Books & Books, Literati Bookstore and Miami Book Fair are pleased to present a virtual evening with author Pico Iyer for his latest book, Aflame: Learning from Silence. In Aflame, Iyer connects with the inner stillness and joy found in his many retreats to a Benedictine monastery, even through the constant change and uncertainty of life outside the hermitage. He shares the revelations of these experiences alongside wisdom from other non-monastics who have learned from adversity and inwardness. Joining in conversation is Michael Shapiro, author of A Sense of Place.

Tickets to this virtual event include one hardcover copy of Aflame shipped to your home (US mailing addresses only) and an access link to the virtual event on Zoom.



NEWLY ANNOUNCED
Alton Brown Book Signing
Saturday, February 8 @ Harvard Book Store
Harvard Book Store is delighted to welcome Alton Brown—New York Times bestselling cookbook author and beloved culinary television personality and producer—for a signing of Food for Thought: Essays and Ruminations, a debut collection of writings in which he mixes compelling anecdotes from his personal and professional life with in-depth observations on the culinary world, film, personal style, defining meals of his lifetime, and much more.

The signing will take place beginning at 1PM. Please read the ticket and signing line guidelines here.



Upcoming Ticketed & RSVP Events
» Onyx Storm Midnight Release Party (Jan 20) @ Harvard Book Store ($35.05 tickets, book included)
» Imani Perry (Jan 28) @ The Brattle Theatre ($38 tickets, book included) discussing Black in Blues: How a Color Tells the Story of My People
» Emily Austin with Kimm Topping (Jan 30) @ the Cambridge Public Library (Free RSVP) discussing We Could Be Rats: A Novel
» NEWLY ANNOUNCED! Pico Iyer with Michael Shapiro (Jan 30) via Zoom ($38.88 tickets, book included) discussing Aflame: Learning from Silence
» Chris Hayes (Jan 31) @ First Parish Church ($42 tickets, book included) discussing The Sirens' Call: How Attention Became the World's Most Endangered Resource
» Bill Gates with Henry Louis Gates Jr. (Feb 3) @ The Emerson Colonial Theatre ($70.00 plus service fee, book included) discussing Source Code: My Beginnings
» NEWLY ANNOUNCED! Alton Brown book signing (Feb 8) @ Harvard Book Store ($38 tickets, book included) signing Food for Thought: Essays and Ruminations
Upcoming Events

Newly Announced! In-Store Events
» Vidyan Ravinthiran with Aruni Kashyap (Jan 30)
» Randall Fuller (Jan 31)
All Upcoming Events
Community Events & Resources
Looking for a way to bring joy to others this holiday season? Consider a donation to Globe Santa. Globe Santa, a program of the Boston Globe Foundation, exists solely to deliver joy to children by providing holiday gifts such as books and toys to those in need. Globe Santa serves nearly 30,000 local children each holiday season. Over 1 million families and more than 3 million children have been served by Globe Santa since the program was created in 1956. [Learn more and donate here]

***** SEPARATION *****

Experience Boston's Art Scene this Holiday Season✨
Inbox

ArtsBoston <weekly@artsboston.org> Unsubscribe
Tue, Dec 3, 12:59 PM (4 days ago)
to me

Your weekly dose of Arts and Culture
View this email in your browser
Will Lyman, a man with light skin and gray hair is dressed up as Scrooge. He wears a long black coat over a white shirt, tips his black top hat, while looking at the audience. Behind him is a snowy road in London with Christmas lights. To the left of Lyman is the Commonwealth Shakespeare Company logo. To his right, text reads, "Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. December 8 to 22, 2024. Emerson Cutler Majestic Theatre. A new holiday tradition!"


Happy Giving Tuesday!

At ArtsBoston we believe everyone deserves to feel welcome at arts and cultural events. Our free community resource -- the ArtsBoston Calendar -- is just one way that we foster arts equity and access in Greater Boston. A lot of work goes on behind the scenes to maintain the Calendar, connecting you with BIG arts & culture in our region. As a nonprofit organization, one hundred percent of the money we make on discount ticket sales through BosTix on the ArtsBoston Calendar is channeled back into the regional arts community.

This Giving Tuesday, we invite you to join our work to support cultural accessibility, and make the arts a welcoming place. Your tax-deductible gift fosters a thriving, inclusive arts community.  Can you consider a donation today to support our work?

Donate Now
Learn about this week's recommended events below, and to explore more, please visit the ArtsBoston Calendar.

Thank you and be well,
The Arts Boston Team
❄️$25 Holiday BosTix at the Booth!❄️

Visit the ArtsBoston Booth at Faneuil Hall Marketplace this Saturday, December 7 between 11am - 3pm for special BOOTH-ONLY $25 tickets to the most-anticipated shows of the holiday season! Stop by at 12pm for sweet treats and songs performed by the Suffolk Ramifications for extra cheer.


Visit our website and follow us on social media for updates on Booth hours, day-of ticket sales, and more!

Text over a blue background with white and yellow dots read, "The Umbrella Stage Company in partnership with Firebird Pops Orchestra presents Holiday Pops. December 13 to 15, 40 Stow Street, Concord MA." The Firebird Pops Orchestra and the Umbrella Stage Company are stacked under the date and address.
Events To Check Out

Small Talk
Newton Theatre Company
Saint John's Episcopal Church, Newton
Dec 7 | $15

In Small Talk, experience favorite non-speaking narratives, skipping across genres and celebrating the limitless possibilities of physical storytelling. The show will interweave spoken descriptions...Read More


Baroque Big Band
Mistral
St Paul's Episcopal Church, Brookline
Dec 8 | $25 with BosTix

Dynamic soloists will take turns in the spotlight in concerto masterpieces by J.S. Bach, Telemann, Vivaldi, Handel, and other, lesser-known Baroque gems. This annual concert is in honor of Maria Martell-Winthrop...Read More


The Umbrella Winter Market
The Umbrella Arts Center, Concord
Dec 6 - 8 | Free

The Umbrella’s Winter Market is an annual three-day show and sale of artist, artisan, and hand-crafted work on all three floors of our beautifully renovated space in Concord, MA. It features dozens of Umbrella Studio Artists...Read More


Curated Cuisine
WBUR Cityspace, Boston
Dec 9 | $10 - $30

James Beard Award-winning culinary historian Jessica B. Harris joins Tamika Francis, founder of Food & Folklore, for a conversation about the updated edition of her book, “A Kwanzaa Keepsake and Cookbook...Read More


Let Nothing You Dismay
Arlington Friends of the Drama Theatre
Dec 6 - 15 | $11 with BosTix

Allie and Kevin are just a phone call away from adopting their first child. When they get word that the birth mother has gone into labor, they rush to the maternity ward but tell the rest of their family to stay away. After all, it's Christmas...Read More

FIND MORE EVENTS

BosTix is Greater Boston’s only nonprofit arts and entertainment discount ticketing resource, with 100% of your purchase reinvested into the arts community. Check out what's available on BosTix on the ArtsBoston Calendar for up to 50% off tickets!

CLICK HERE TO GET THE BEST DEALS
Are you looking for the ultimate gift that's both thoughtful and exciting?

Look no further than our BosTix gift cards! Give the gift of unforgettable experiences with access to a diverse array of captivating performances. Ideal for anyone who loves the thrill of live entertainment, our gift cards unlock access to a world of possibilities. From theater and music to dance and comedy, there's something for everyone. Give the gift of memories that will last a lifetime with BosTix!
BUY NOW
All of us at ArtsBoston are deeply appreciative of the individual donors and institutional funders who help us achieve our mission. Your tax-deductible donation is an investment in expanding access to the arts in Greater Boston, and in resilience and recovery for the cultural sector. You can use the Donate Now button below to make a secure online gift or visit artsboston.org/donate/ for information on how to donate by mail. Thank you!
DONATE NOW
STAY CONNECTED:

Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list
Facebook
Twitter
Link
Website
Copyright © 2024 ArtsBoston, All rights reserved.
You've opted in to receive emails about upcoming events, deals, and news from ArtsBoston.

Our mailing address is:
ArtsBoston
PO Box 171376
Boston, MA 02117-3215

Add us to your address book


Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.

***** SEPARATION *****

Reminder: December Events and News
Inbox

Boston Public Library <news@bpl.org> Unsubscribe
Mon, Dec 2, 9:10 AM (5 days ago)
to me

 

 
All locations will be closed on Wednesday, December 25, 2024 in observance of Christmas Day.
 

New Digital Visitor Guide



Discover the BPL like never before with its new digital visitor guide on Bloomberg Connects, a free arts and culture app. Explore iconic spaces like Bates Hall and the Sargent Gallery, navigate with an interactive map, and uncover hidden stories through immersive audio and photo features. Accessible in 42 languages, this guide offers a deeper connection to the BPL’s rich history.


Download the App


Changes to Booking a Museum Pass



We are moving to a new museum pass reservation system that is launching on December 9. To ensure a smooth transition, patrons will be temporarily unable to book passes past December 8.



If you already have a pass booked for after December 8, don’t worry! Your booking will be automatically moved to our new system, and you'll receive a new pass via email that you can use on the day of your booking. Please use this new pass, not the old pass that you received from our old system.



Special Collections Open Houses

December 3 and December 31 @ Central



Join us this month for two Special Collections open houses: discover food-related books, images, and archives during a festive exploration of culinary history, or ring in 2025 with a display of materials from past '25s - including 1925, 1825, and 1725.

See Details


Bookmark the Boston Public Library Fund for Giving Tuesday on December 3!



This giving season, donations to the Boston Public Library Fund open doors and fuel innovation at the Central Library and the 25 neighborhood branches. Donors who make a gift in celebration of Giving Tuesday will receive a special bookmark featuring the iconic Bates Hall!

Learn More

Featured Events
﻿Click the links below for more information and to sign up.


The Urban Nutcracker

December 3, 6, 10, & 17 @ Various Locations



Hygge Kits

Available at Central starting Saturday, December 14



Cookie Swap

Monday, December 16, 2024 @ Connolly



Artful Meditation Workshop: Kwanzaa Floral Arrangements

Thursday, December 19 @ Grove Hall



Book Flood

Tuesday, December 24 @ Central

See All Events

The Boston Public Library Recommends...
Check out the latest book recommendations from staff and beyond.


Staff Picks: Best Reads of 2024

Staff's top favorite reads of the year



Rock Star Romance: 17 Happily-Ever-Afters for Musicians and Music Lovers

Romances where rock stars and other musicians find their happily-ever-afters



Finding Comfort & Strength: 16 Fiction Titles for Difficult Times

Sometimes you just need a comforting read when times get tough



Books for Revolutionary Music Fans: Yo-Yo Ma

This list of genre-bending reads will appeal to his fans both new and old.

See All Recommendations

Author Talks & Speakers
Click the links below for more information and to sign up.


Charles on the Charles: How Boston Inspired Dickens’ ‘A Christmas Carol’ - with Natalie McKnight

Monday, December 2 @ Central



Michael Owen - Ira Gershwin: A Life in Words

Tuesday, December 3 @ Online



Addie L. Robinson - A Queen Like Me

Monday, December 9 @ Central



Great Decisions with Dr. Emily Reichert — Climate Technology

Wednesday, December 11 @ Central



George Walters-Sleyon: The Rush for Black Diamonds

Saturday, December 14 @ Jamaica Plain

See All Author Talks & Speakers

Learning
Click the links below for more information and to sign up.


Sharing Our Lives with Pets: Benefits, Challenges and Opportunities with Jessica Bibbo, PhD

Tuesday, December 10 @ Online



Putting Family History on the Map

Wednesday, December 11 @ Online



Genealogy: Using Obituaries to Research Your Ancestors

Wednesday, December 18 @ Online



Crafting an Elevator Pitch

Thursday, December 19 @ Central

See All Learning

Arts
Click the links below for more information and to sign up.


GrubStreet @ the BPL: Introduction to Poetry

Thursdays; December 5, 12, & 19, 2024 @ Grove Hall



The Seltzer Factory: Film Screening and Q&A with Paloma Valenzuela

Saturday, December 7 @ Connolly



The Power of Truths: Cinematic Chronicles of Racism and Resistance

Thursday, December 12 @ Central



The Chara Percussion Group: "The Sounds of Christmas"

Friday, December 13, 2024 @ Charlestown



Power of the Protest Song: Our Shared History and Present Day

Saturday, December 14 @ Roslindale

See All Arts

Visit Our Website for More Information
 
Facebook  X  Instagram  YouTube  Email
City of Boston | Contact Us | FAQs | Privacy Policy

 
Boston Public Library | 700 Boylston Street BPL Communications Department | Boston, MA 02116 US

Unsubscribe | Update Profile | Constant Contact Data Notice

***** SEPARATION *****

When:
Friday, Dec 06, 2024 7:00a -
Sunday, Dec 08, 2024 11:00p
Where:
Boston
Surrounding areas
Boston, MA

Admission:
$Varies

Categories:
Animals, Art, Business & Professional, Classes, Date Idea, Drinks, Farms, Festivals & Fairs, Food, Games, Good for Groups, History, Innovation, Kid Friendly, LGBTQ+, Lectures & Conferences, Meetup, Movies, Music, Nature, Nightlife, Outside, Party, Pet Friendly, Photoworthy, Rainy Day Ideas, Seasonal, Shopping, Shows, Social Good, Sports & Active Life, Tech, University

Event website:
https://www.thebostoncalendar.com/

Enjoy the first full weekend of December 2024 to the fullest with our picks for everything fun to do around the city -- and don't forget to download our brand new app for an even better way to discover Boston's best experiences & things to do.



Fri 12/6: 31° ☀️

Sat 12/7: 33° ☀️

Sun 12/8 : 42° ☁️



1) Boston’s Winter Fest 2024 bit.ly/-Me9

2) Open Newbury St: Holiday Edition bit.ly/3Zw6

3) Light Up Seaport 2024 bit.ly/3Ve-

4) Free Guinness + Levain Bakery bit.ly/aA-J

5) SoWa Winter Festival 2024 bit.ly/-Tha

6) Winter Market @ Sam Adams bit.ly/46o-

7) Decked Out Homes Around Boston bit.ly/lights-

8) German Holiday Market bit.ly/3Ze2

9) Mayor’s Trolley + Tree Tour bit.ly/Jv-G

10) Holiday Wonderland @ The Pru bit.ly/41cW

11) Seaport Holiday Market 2024 bit.ly/sN0w

12) ‘How The Grinch Stole Christmas’ bit.ly/grf-k

13) Speedway Holiday Stroll bit.ly/41fN

14) Boston Common Holiday Tree bit.ly/-ghe

15) Holiday Lights @ Comm Ave Mall bit.ly/-uzb

16) MFA First Friday bit.ly/vc-j

17) Winter Fest @ Boynton Yards bit.ly/4i8-

18) Cultural Survival Bazaar bit.ly/41-j

19) Small Mart Holiday Market bit.ly/4fJ0

20) Holiday Market @ The LOT bit.ly/4g-4

21) 140 Magical Experiences in Dec bit.ly/B0-s

22) SoWa First Friday bit.ly/-Zwt

23) Quincy Market Christmas Tree bit.ly/Ij-k

24) Dia de las Velitas bit.ly/3BgJ

25) Animal Nutcracker Art @ DTX bit.ly/4i7-

26) BPM Holiday Sip & Shop bit.ly/3Zdu

27) Holiday Samtacular bit.ly/e4-Q

28) 31 Nights of Light @ The Pru bit.ly/3Znv

29) Santa Visits @ DTX bit.ly/4igl

30) Downtown Holiday Market bit.ly/La44

31) Sabrina Carpenter PJ Party bit.ly/Fi-k

32) Charles Square Winter Market bit.ly/4ic-

33) 15 Festive Pop-up Bars bit.ly/I-j1

34) Holiday Vintage Market bit.ly/4fR8

35) Curling in Seaport bit.ly/1t-i

36) Dedham Sq Holiday Stroll bit.ly/4gb9

37) Library Book Sale bit.ly/3Vja

38) Station St Studios Market bit.ly/3OvL

39) Holiday Flea Market bit.ly/Ha-G

40) Milk Row Studios Market bit.ly/3Veq

41) Kilroy Sq Holiday Market bit.ly/49f-

42) BPL Book Sale bit.ly/3J-K

43) The Merriest Month @ Bow bit.ly/3-Wp

44) Grrrl Talk @ Remnant bit.ly/49jB

45) 10 Holiday Lighting Celebrations bit.ly/Ij-n

46) Hot Cocoa + Crafts bit.ly/41d5

47) Books & Brews Bookfair bit.ly/4eS1

48) Counter Culture Coffee Tasting bit.ly/3-w6

49) Holiday Art Extravaganza bit.ly/-Dsi

50) How to Make Friends in Boston bit.ly/i1-q

51) GBH Open Mic Night bit.ly/-yKw

53) Somerville Winter Farmers Mkt bit.ly/49h-

54) 20s/30s Throwback Music Nite bit.ly/41c-

55) Friday Night Trivia bit.ly/3Z9-

56) 10 Weekly Football Watch Parties bit.ly/1i-m

57) 13 Places to Watch the Sunset bit.ly/s-Et

58) Live Music @ The Berkley bit.ly/41e-

59) Fizzy Friday Pop Night bit.ly/-Zvr

60) Poetry Open Mic Night bit.ly/Gp0n

61) Artist Holiday Market bit.ly/Tm-K

62) New Dewey Sq Art Mural bit.ly/-12k

63) 10+ Free Wkly Wine Tastings bit.ly/3yV-

64) Trinity Organ Concert bit.ly/4gp7

65) Karaoke @ Satellite bit.ly/4fT-

66) 20+ Live Music Nights in Bos bit.ly/-bbk

67) 9 Unique Boston Book Clubs bit.ly/l1-I

68) Harvard Art Museums bit.ly/-5Yw

69) 30+ Trivia Nights in Boston bit.ly/-BAZ

70) Live Music @ PKL bit.ly/4ih-

71) Free Places to “WFH” bit.ly/iy-i

72) BPL Art & Arch Tour bit.ly/3NS-

73) $5 Mimosas bit.ly/xI-E

74) Irish Music Seisiúns bit.ly/-nj0

75) SoWa Vintage Market bit.ly/JB-k

76) Seaport Smalls Kids’ Concert bit.ly/-9np

77) North Bennet Open House bit.ly/ni-2

78) Santa @ The Prudential bit.ly/12-op

79) 10 Discounted Theater Tix bit.ly/9i-2

80) 14 Wineries Near Boston bit.ly/-y5O

81) Carolers & Cocoa bit.ly/3O-5

82) 19 “Happy Hour” Deals in Boston bit.ly/I-1j

83) Comic Book Happy Hour bit.ly/yK-L

84) Champagne Bar bit.ly/hv-v

85) Harry Potter Puzzles bit.ly/uJ-6

86) JP Backyard Market bit.ly/xP-r

87) Flamenco Class bit.ly/N1-z

88) Museum Yoga bit.ly/91-Q

89) ‘Cirque Dreams’ bit.ly/cF-z

90) $10 Commuter Rail Wknds bit.ly/6p-V

91) JP Holiday Light Show bit.ly/8F-U

92) SantaCon bit.ly/Ra-K

93) ‘A Christmas Carol’ bit.ly/ur-k

94) Storytime w/ The Grinch bit.ly/lQ-T

***** SEPARATION *****

Hi! Thanks for looking at this email. Please feel free to come to Prisha and Peter's CS50 Fair Presentation on Monday, December 9th, at noon! We'll be at the Northwest Building on Harvard's Campus, 123 Youknowwheretogo Street! We'd be happy to see you there. Come free of charge!

***** SEPARATION *****
